[v5] Unified args (#3939)
statelyai/xstate: .changeset/hot-zoos-destroy.md

---
'xstate': major
---

> Action arguments are now consolidated into a single object argument. This is a breaking change for all actions that are called with arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action/actor/delay/guard arguments are now consolidated into a single object argument. This is a breaking change for all of those things that are called with arguments.
```
